I really do understand how hard it's
gotta be to leave your child with
another person I mean it's like leaving
behind a piece of your heart sandy
that's exactly what it is
are you gay it's okay I get that a lot
doing what I do but I am straight I'm
engaged actually
her name's Delia oh that's pretty dear
you're just like a guy who's a nanny I
realize how it's a bit unorthodox for
some people but I really believe the
most satisfying thing you can do with
your life is take care of a child
okay like at my last job I met Daniel
when he was three weeks old and I got to
watch him grow into this awesome person
when I left I said I'll see you soon he
said to me it's good Andy that was his
name for me no I'll see you every day
right in
yeah kids say all kinds of crap
Oh God she must you must eat her
dunkaccino I can take that if you want
oh oh that would be great I love him I
love him I love him
oh come he's a guy so lucky smart he's
qualified give me one good reason we
shouldn't try him out because it's weird
why good a job is that for a man a nanny
oh it's like if a woman wanted to be yes
aiya
I hope you don't mind I use some of my
homemade lotion on Emma it's a mixture
of calendula and honey cream dry that
rash right up plus it keeps the hands
young
yes sandy you're hired that's great oh
I'm sorry it's just such an emotional
thing when you're welcomed into a new
family oh god I came here you got to be
at least by
oh boy is everything all right oh yeah
fine it's fine sandy was just was just
telling me about how he proposed to his
fiance and it was so beautiful
well her favorite flowers the camellia
from the poem Jane I can't hear it again
you know I can't tell it again and I'm
fine never having heard it which plane
don't see you for a second yeah excuse
huh
do you realize that man has cried in our
apartment three times huh I haven't
cried that many times since I moved in
what cause he's just city's just
sensitive that's all ok ok see that that
is the problem he is too sensitive
what's too sensitive to take care of our
baby yeah I mean all players that go
it's amazing sandy made Madeleine's this
this is exactly what I'm talking about
what kind of a guy makes makes delicate
French cookies huh
they're not even butch manly cookies
with deal with with with chunks
well I you know I I don't know what to
say I mean I never thought of you as a
guy who needed his men to be men you
know cuz I gotta tell you Ross it's not
like you just came in from branding
cattle
hey they're sensitive and there's too
sensitive
okay what what is too sensitive
[Music]